c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.BusinessServices.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.DTO.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.BusinessEntities.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.BusinessServices.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.DTO.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Interview.ManageOrders.BusinessEntities.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.config
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shreyu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Interview.ManageOrders.Web\Interview.ManageOrders.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
